MinGW
http://www.mingw.org/license

Licensing Terms

Each of the various packages, which is distributed by MinGW.org, is governed by 
its own individual copyright and licensing terms. In summary, for the most 
commonly deployed packages:

MinGW Runtime: All releases of the MinGW base runtime package, prior to release 
4.0, have been placed in the public domain, and are not governed by copyright. 
This basically means that you can do what you like with the code.
Due to inadmissibility of the public domain concept, in certain jurisdictions, 
we have now chosen to adopt a MIT style license for the principal components of 
the MinGW runtime, from release 4.0 onwards; you may view this LICENSE, as it 
is filed in the source code repository. Note that this new license does not 
carry forward to needing to distribution of said license when you use the MinGW 
Runtime to build your source. It only covers the distribution of the library, 
in source or binary form or any part thereof such as mingwm10.dll.

w32api: In the case of releases prior to 4.0: you are free to use, modify and 
copy this package. No restrictions are imposed on programs or object files 
linked with this library. You may not restrict the the usage of this library. 
You may distribute this library as part of another package or as a modified 
package if, and only if, you do not restrict the usage of the portions 
consisting of this (optionally modified) library. If distributed as a modified 
package, then a copy of this notice must be included.
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT 
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND; without even the implied warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or 
of FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Due to inadmissibility of the public domain concept, in certain jurisdictions, 
we have now chosen to adopt a MIT style license for the principal components of 
the w32api, from release 4.0 onwards; you may view this LICENSE, as it is filed 
in the source code repository. Note that this new license does not carry 
forward to needing to distribution of said license when you use the w32api to 
build your source. It only covers the distribution of the library, in source or 
binary form or any part thereof such as mingwm10.dll.

WSL: We have combined the MinGW runtime package and the w32api package into 
one, which we have dubbed WSL, (an acronym for Windows System Libraries). We 
have applied a MIT style license to the sources, (where this does not conflict 
with any existing licenses applying to specific sub-components). You may view 
this LICENSE, as it is filed in the source code repository. Note that this new 
license does not carry forward to needing to distribution of said license when 
you use the WSL to build your source. It only covers the distribution of the 
library, in source or binary form or any part thereof such as mingwm10.dll.

MinGW Profiling Code: MinGW profiling code is distributed under the terms of 
the GNU General Public License, Version 2.

Binutils, GCC, GDB, GNU Make: All of the GNU development tools, such as GNU 
binutils, GCC, GDB and GNU Make, are governed by the terms of the GNU General 
Public License; (note that this may be GPLv2 or GPLv3, depending on the 
preferences of the upstream maintainers, and the specific version of each 
package which you choose to install; in most cases, the most recent versions 
are likely to be GPLv3, while older versions may be GPLv2).